[Term Entry] PyTorch Tensor Operations .index_add() #5614 (#5626)
Codecademy/docs: content/pytorch/concepts/tensor-operations/terms/index-add/index-add.md

---
Title: 'index_add()'
Description: 'Adds values to specific indices of a tensor along a specified dimension.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Updates'
  - 'Data Structures'
  - 'Index'
CatalogContent:
  - 'intro-to-py-torch-and-neural-networks'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

In Pytorch, the **.index_add()** function adds values to a tensor at specific indices along a specified dimension.

## Syntax

```pseudo
torch.index_add(input, dim, index, source)
```

> - `input`: The tensor to which values will be added.
> - `dim`: The dimension along which to index and add.
> - `index`: The indices of elements to add to.
> - `source`: The tensor containing values to add.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `input`: The tensor to which values will be added.
- `dim`: The dimension along which to index and add.
- `index`: It is a 1-D tensor with the element indices to be added to.
- `source`: The tensor containing values to add.
- `alpha`: It is a scalar multiplier which is used before adding the source values. It is an optional parameter.
- `out` : If provided, the result will be written to this tensor. It is also an optional parameter.

```
